Document limitations around WAF and Cloudflare Images with custom domain (#8216)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/serve-images-custom-domains.md

* `example.com`: Cloudflare proxied domain under the same account as the Cloudflare Images.
* `/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery`: Path to trigger `cdn-cgi` image proxy.
* `ZWd9g1K7eljCn_KDTu_MWA`: The Images account hash. This can be found in the Cloudflare Images Dashboard.
* `083eb7b2-5392-4565-b69e-aff66acddd00`: The image ID.
* `public`: The variant name.

## Limitations
When using a custom domain, it is not possible to directly set up WAF rules that act on requests hitting the `/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/` path. If you need to set up WAF rules, you can:

> * Use a Cloudflare Worker to access your images, and a Route using your domain to execute the worker. See [an example worker here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/serve-private-images-using-signed-url-tokens/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a Cloudflare Worker to access your images and a Route using your domain to execute the worker. For an example worker, refer to [Serve private images using signed URL tokens](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/serve-private-images-using-signed-url-tokens/).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, I have added them.
